---
layout: post
title: "HW4: Chapter 11 & 12"
date: 2019-08-28
---

  Exercise 11.4:
  
    Q: What is the common characteristic of all architectural styles that are 
       geared to supporting software tolerance?
      
      The common characteristic of all architectural styles that are geared
    to support software fault tolerance is software diversity.  This may include
    multiple independent teams making software with the same purpose and often 
    recieving diverse policies.  It is also a good rule to not have dependencies 
    in these situations.
    
  Exercise 11.7:
  
    Q: It has been suggested that the control software for a radiation therapy 
       machine, used to treat patients with cancer should be implemented using 
       N-version programming.  Comment on whether or not you think this is a good 
       suggestion.
       
       I don't think that using N-version programming is the best option to control 
     software for a radiation therapy machine.  N-version programming has a chance 
     for independent groups to come up with similar mistakes, which if the same 
     output mistakes are the value voted on, a patient could end up getting the wrong 
     amount of radiation.  Getting the wrong amount of radiation could lead to severe 
     side effects or even death.  The chance for these teams to create same solutions, 
     errors, or misunderstandings can be more prevalent with less diverse teams.  
     Many people get careers close to where they graduated from, meaning that local 
     companies will have employees of the same background.
       Additionally, patients with cancer (in the U.S.) collect an absorbent 
     amount of debt.  Obviously, the health of the patient is more important than 
     the cost, but if possible lower costs are better.  N-version programming 
     can be quite expensive, due to multiple teams working on the same solution. 
       I think a better solution in this case would be using a self-monitoring 
     architecture, which is already used in the medical field.  This version of 
     control software does have a lower availability, but as long as the software 
     is unavailable for a relatively short period of time, appointments can be 
     rescheduled.  In cases of determining dosage, reliability is going to win out 
     over availability.   
    
  Exercise 11.9:
  
    Q: Explain why you should explicity handle all exceptions in a system that is 
       intended to have a high level of availability.
       
      All exceptions should be handled in a system that is intended to have a high 
    level of availability so that the system can find where the system went wrong and 
    try to recover from that fault before getting to system failure.
      
  Exercise 12.5:
    Q: ... Assuming that the signal status and the speed limit for the track segment 
       are transmitted to on-board software on the train before it enters the track 
       segment, propose five possible functional system requirements for the 
       onboard software that may be generated from the system safety requirements.
       
    1. If at anytime, the data stops transmitting to the on-board software, the
       train will stop.
    2. If the train reaches or exceeeds the max speed of the track, the train will 
       apply breaks.
    3. User will not be able to override the system to accelerate.
    4. User will be able to override the system to stop the train. 
    5. There will be a sensor to detect red lights and the train will stop if 
       detected, regardless of what the data is transmitting.
    
