---
layout: post
title: "HW6: Chapter 4"
date: 2019-09-05
---

  Exercise 4.5:
  
    **Q**: Using the technique suggested here, where natural language descriptions 
       are presented in a standard format, write plausible user requirements for 
       the following functions:
       An unnattended petrol (gas) pump system that includes a credit card reader.  
       The customer swipes the card through the reader, then specifies the amount of 
       fuel required.  The fuel is delivered and the customer's account debited.  
       The cash-dispensing function in a bank ATM.
       In an Internet banking system, a facility that allows customers to transfer 
       funds from one account held with the bank to another account with the same 
       bank.
       
        **Petrol Pump System:**
        **Function:** Delivers the correct amount of fuel.  Obtains the correct 
                      amount of money.
        **Description:** Reads the customers card and the amount of fuel, then 
                         delivers the correct amount of fuel, as entered by the 
                         customer, and debits the customers acount based on the 
                         cost of the fuel.
        **Inputs:** User's acount information, amount of fuel
        **Source:** Customers card, card reader, user specified amount
        **Outputs:** Fuel, payment
        **Action:** Outputs n amount of fuel, if n is greater than 0.  Calculates 
                    cost per gallon (n * cost).  Subtracts cost amount from user's
                    account.  
        **Requires:** Card reader, input amount from user.
        **Precondition:** The fuel reservoir contains amount of fuel needed.  The 
                          card reader is functioning.
        **Postcondition:** All information is cleared.
        **Side Effects:** None
        
        **Cash Dispensing**
        **Function:** Dispenses the correct amount of cash.
        **Description:** Reads in customer's acount information off of card.  Takes 
                         input from user on how much cash is required.  Dispenses 
                         the correct amount of cash.
        **Inputs:** User's acount information, amount of cash
        **Source:** Customers card, card reader, user specified amount
        **Outputs:** Cash
        **Action:** Reads user card and input.  Outputs amount of cash specified, 
                    if account is greater than zero.  Deducts the amount from the 
                    user's acount.
        **Requires:** Card reader, input amount from user.
        **Precondition:** The atm contains the max amount of cash allowed to be 
                          deposited.
        **Postcondition:** All information is cleared.
        **Side Effects:** None
        
        **Internest Banking Transfer:**
        **Function:** Subtracts correct amount of money from sender's account 
                      and adds that amount to reciever's acount.
        **Description:** Obtains user data from sender on how much money is to 
                         be transferred and who to transfer to.  Subtracts given 
                         amount from that account.  Adds the balance to the 
                         reciever's account
        **Inputs:** User's acount information, amount to be transferred, reciever's 
                    information
        **Source:** User specified
        **Outputs:** Negative from sender, positive to reciever
        **Action:** Gets user information from sender and transfers correct amount 
                    of money from one account to the other.
        **Requires:** Input from user.
        **Precondition:** The user is logged onto the online bank system.  The sender 
                          has the reciever's information.
        **Postcondition:** All information is cleared.
        **Side Effects:** None
    
    
  Exercise 4.6:
  
    Q: Suggest how an engineer responsible for drawing up a system requirements 
       specifications might keep track of the relationships between functional and 
       non-functional requirements.
       
        An engineer responsible for drawwing up a system requirements specification 
      might keep track of the relationships between functional and non-functional 
      requirements might be that in addition to simply writing out the 
      requirements, they might draw diagrams that show the connections of the 
      functional and non-functional requirements.
    
    
  Exercise 4.7:
  
    Q: Using your knowledge of how an ATM is used, develop a set of use cases that 
       could serve as a basis for understanding the requirements for an ATM system.
       
        1. A user wants to view their account information.
        2. A user wants to withdraw cash.
        3. A user wants to deposit cash.
        4. A user wants to deposit checks.

