---
layout: post
title: "HW8: Chapter 2"
date: 2019-09-10
---

  Exercise 2.1:
    Q: Suggest the most appropriate generic software process model that might
       be used as a basis for managing the development of the following
       systems.  Explain your answer according to the type of system being
       developed:

       A system to control antilock braking in a cars could use the waterfall
       model.  I suggest using this model due to the safety factors to take
       into consideration for controlling antilock braking in cars.  Since
       this software could put people at risk, it would be best to start with
       just requirements and design before ever implementing anything.

       A virtual reality system to support software maintenance could use the
       incremental development model.  The incremental development model is a
       good option in this case, because requirements may change quickly and
       having user feedback would be a good way to follow up on the virtual
       reality system.

       A university accounting system that replaces an existing system might
       use the integration and configuration model.  Since the accounting
       system already has an existing system, the integration and
       configuration model seems like the best option.  Reusing code or
       concepts is a good thing to do, cost-wise and keeps it simplistic.

       An interactive travel planning system that helps users plan journeys
       with the lowest environmental impact may use the waterfall model.  I
       suggested the waterfall model for this travel planning system as well
       due to safety concerns for travelers and needing very clear
       requirement definitions based on figuring out lowest environmental
       impact.
