---
layout: post
title: "HW15: Chapter 15"
date: 2019-10-01
---

  Exercise 15.10:
    Q: The reuse of software raises a number of copyright and intellectual
       property issues. If a customer pays a software contractor to develop a
       system, who has the right to reuse the developed code? Does the software
       contractor have the right to use that code as a basis for a generic
       component? What payment mechanisms might be used to reimburse providers
       of reusable components? Discuss these issues and other ethical issues
       associated with the reuse of software.

      I think with that with who can reuse developed code, whether the contractor
    or the customer, really boils down to the contract made between the two.  In
    real life though, it does become more difficult than that.  What if the
    contract leans on the side of the customer reusing the code, but there are
    minor parts of the code that the developer wants to reuse, what crosses the
    line of copyrighting?  Is it a method, a few methods, a component or multiple
    components?
      Additionally, if the contractors are being used as continued support for
    the code and are keeping the code up to date, does that change things?  I
    feel like in this case, the developers have more of a right to the code than
    the customer.  If the customer is maintaining the code and using their own
    tech support, then I would think the customer has the right.  However, I really
    do think it comes down to the terms laid out before the software is sold.
      Another ethical concern that comes with software reuse is if someone writes
    code and makes it available for reuse, what if people use the code in a way
    that you don't agree with?  I recently heard of a man who took down his
    personal repo due to a company that was using it signing a contract with ICE.  
    The man who made this project didn't approve of the way ICE is functioning
    and didn't want to support them in anyway.  Since this was his personal
    project that was open source, the developer obviously had a right the right
    to take his repo down.  

  [Article on ICE repo](https://www.zdnet.com/article/developer-takes-down-ruby-library-after-he-finds-out-ice-was-using-it/)
