---
layout: post
title: "HW1: Chapter 1"
date: 2019-08-21
---

  Exercise 1.3:
  
      Four main attributes that all professional software should be are functional,
    maintainable, dependable, and usable.  Four other attributes that may sometimes
    be significant are being cost efficient, heterogeneous, scalable, and reusable.
    
  Exercise 1.8:
  
      Professional engineers should be certified based on what their job entails.  I
    don't think that there needs to be a mandatory general certification though.  Having
    general certifications that aren't mandatory, but may be madatory by an employer is 
    a great idea.  For instance, I think there should be a certification for working as 
    a software engineer within the medical field on top of HIPPA training and other trainings.  
    
  Exercise 1.9:
  
      Public - Creating HFOSS is a great example of acting consistently with the public
               interest.
               
      Client and Employer - Part of acting in the best interest of clients and employers
                            is not sharing or selling software to other people or companies.
                            
      Product - A software engineer that creates a project with security problems would be
                the opposite of the Product clause.
                
      Judgement - If a manager were pressuring you to skip steps that would affect the 
                  security of a software and you did not listen to them and stuck with
                  what you felt was right, that would demonstrate the Judgement clause.
                  
      Management - A manager or leader who does not pressure any part of their team to
                   rush through or skip steps, such as skimping on security, follows
                   the Management clause in an ethical way.
                   
      Profession - Creating things for the greater good, such as HFOSS, is a great way
                   to promote the integrity and reputation of the profession.
                   
      Colleagues - If a coworker pushes something to git that breaks the code, not 
                   getting angry or condescending towards them would be how to 
                   treat colleagues with respect and be supportive.
                   
      Self - There are always going to be new programming languages and software 
             developers have to keep up, which is life-long learning in the profession.
      
  Exercise 1.10:
      
      The ethics of working on development of systems that track large numbers of their 
    citizens and their actions to counter terrorism are interesting and not completely 
    clear cut.  People have both a right to safety and a right to privacy and finding that
    balance can be difficult.  There are also possibilites of breaches to people's private
    information that can be horribly misused, so such a system needs to be secure and 
    be able to quickly detect breaches.  When they are detected, the public should be 
    notified right away as well.  There are ethical questions around who is being tracked.
    Does the system track citizens randomly or is there some sort of profiling?  The ethics
    surounding privacy related to countering terrorism is nothing new, but there still are 
    no clear answers.  
