---
layout: post
title: "HW17-B: Chapter 17"
date: 2019-10-10
---

  Exercise 17.10:
    Q: Your company wishes to move from using desktop applications to accessing
       the same functionality remotely as services.  Identify three risks that
       might arise and suggest how these risks may be reduced.

      Three risks that might arise from your company moving from using desktop
    applications to accessing  the same functionality remotely as services include
    cost, particularly related to scalability, new security problems, and system
    failure.
      There will always be cost associated with changing software in general, but
    using the scaling out as opposed to the scaling up method will help reduce
    the cost.  Keeping a realistic budget for what the company plans to do is
    extremely important.
      Security is now different than from before, because with desktop applications
    if there was a breach on a single separate machine, it is less likely to
    spread.  If all computers are connected, the breach can be much wider.  
    Planning and implementing new security measures prior to implementing the remote
    services is probably the best way to reduce that risk.
      System failure is similar to the problem with security.  Before a machine
    could fail on its own and not affect any other functionality on the other
    machines, now if the remote were to fail, everything fails.  Having people
    trained on the new system, would be the best way to alleviate the side effects
    at least, even if not able to stop them.  
      Most risks that might arise will be reduced with proper planning and
    training, though will not remove the risks completely.
