---
layout: post
title: "HW20: Chapter 20"
date: 2019-10-24
---

  Exercise 20.10:
    Q: You work for a software company that has developed a system that provides
       information about consumers and that is used within a SoS by a number of
       other retail businesses. They pay you for services used. Discuss the
       ethics of changing the system interfaces without notice to coerce users
       into paying higher charges. Consider this question from the point of view
       of the company’s employees, customers, and shareholders.

      Employees:
        Employees are in the most awkward position as far as the ethics of changing
        the interfaces without notice to coerce users into paying higher charges.  
        I have seen this done both on tax websites, where the interface makes it
        look like you have to pay despite being free versions, *coughcough* TurboTax,
        and on gas pumps now where instead of telling you to choose a grade it
        tells you to choose the most expensive one (BP).

        Employees are under pressure from bosses to create software that makes
        money and pressure from the shareholders.  Employees do have an obligation
        under the ACM code of ethics to be true to their own ethics.

      Customers:
        Customers are the victims in this situation.  It is messed up, but it
        happens and it isn't their fault.

      Shareholders:
        I mentioned above that the shareholders are the most likely to be the ones
        choosing to change the interfaces without notice to coerce users into paying
        higher charges.  It benefits them the most, may not be ethical, but it is
        legal.
