---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 9"
date: 2021-03-30
---

    **Chapter 9: Continuing the Journey**  
        Post development (but is it really post development if you should always
    continue working on it?) steps include getting it on client's server and releasing
    the code on a public repository.  It is meant to be downloaded, adapted, and
    reused and gives the project an opportunity to grow.  There are preconditions
    to this change which include client and hosting services working, hosting supporting
    client side, new software working with client side, and ongoing fixes are done
    with reasonable cost.  
        The precondition of fixing bugs at a reasonable cost can be tough, particularly
    with open source it seems.  If you don't have a volunteer willing to work on the
    bugs or who don't know how and can't figure out how, you're going to have to
    figure it out on your own.  For the issues on Habitica, there are still some
    pretty old issues that I wouldn't know how to fix and it doesn't look like
    anyone else has tried to fix yet.  
        Three of the four issues we've worked on are from within the past 2 years,
    but the widget issue is actually from 2016.  I don't think it's a very high
    priority to start with since not many people use widgets, but it is also a
    tough issue that has brought up some additional problems when we've been trying
    to fix it.  The initial project was also funded on kickstarter, so there isn't
    really a steady investor stream of income following up with that.  There are
    however, some pay to play aspects of the app, not anything required for it to
    be functional, but gems which can get you cute accessories can be purchased.  
        Additional note, Non-Profit Foss Institute (NPFI) looks like an interesting
    company to take a look at!
