---
layout: post
title: "Reflection on Open Source in Today's World"
date: 2021-01-28
---

I found 3 articles this week to reflect on.  The most on topic article would have to be ["10 ways to get started with open source in 2021"](https://opensource.com/article/21/1/getting-started-open-source).  The article which I found that spoke to me the most was ["Why failure should be normalized and how to do it"](https://opensource.com/article/20/11/normalize-failure).  And finally, the article I found most amusing was ["How I channel my inner Star Trek character at work"](https://opensource.com/article/20/11/inner-star-trek).  

The first article, is really just more links to other articles nested within a few paragraphs, but that took me down a rabbit hole of open source.  One article that I was linked to summed up reasons for open source perfectly, "build your confidence as a developer, build your resume, and build your professional network".  I think this summary is important, particularly at our stage of software development because I feel as though I need to build up my confidence.  I can reasonably code assignments, but they just don't build the same type of confidence actually contributing to a project would.  This article also linked to a few specific projects, including some covid open source projects which is really what makes this article 2021 focused.  The article also linked to contributing to open source without coding which I found interesting as well.  

Adding to building confidence, the second article on failure starts with "'Everybody is perfect, except you,'  This toxic thought can creep in and ruin your confidence.  Here's how to normalize failure during the learning process and remember that everyone makes mistakes."  This lesson took me a long time to learn and there are definitely times I still struggle to remember it.  I actually started as an electrical engineering major straight out of high school and things didn't go well for a number of reasons, but part of it was internalizing that I was the only one who wasn't perfect.  From there it was easy to internalize me being the failure and not me having failures.  I had to build my confidence back up to get to where I am now and having others share their experiences with me helped immensely like this article discusses and having successes like the "10 ways to get started with open source in 2021" article discussed.  

The final article, "How I channel my inner Star Trek character at work" just spoke to my nerdom.  The article focused on Deanna Troi, who is an empath, and I relate to.  This article was shorter, but I still felt as though it was important to add in.  I particularly found the third point about tapping into intuition important as the author speaks of how classically those who are extroverted are usually seen as the best leaders, but they noted that it is important to be able to block out the noise and listen to ones intuition.  If you're able to follow your intuition, then you are better able to inspire those around you to tap into their own intuition and not just listen to the loudest person in the room.  
