---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 5"
date: 2021-03-18
---

    **Chapter 5: Domain Class Development**  
    1.  Coding - Reusing code and writing new code  
    2.  Unit Testing and Debugging  
    3.  Merge and Integrate Test  
    4.  Feedback Collection  

    To add functionality, create constructor for new class and getter functions
    for the instance variable.  Testing should be integrated into the coding process.  
    Units should have tests written with them as they're being written aka
    test-driven development (TDD).  Testing frameworks are available for different
    languages such as PHPUnit and JUnit.  Having an IDE that integrates the
    testing well into the project.  Testing is only as good as your tests are
    written.  [Formal methods](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Formal_methods)
    testing is a way to show the code is free of errors.  This is a mathematical
    method of testing for engineering.  

    Test suites are collections of unit tests.  One unit test per module and one
    unit test per use case.  Unit tests should check constructors as well.  The
    goal of test suites is to cover 100% of code and 100% of use cases.  

    Unit test separately before merging code with other developers.  Client testing
    will expose more bugs due to how much the users abuse the code comparative to
    unit tests.  IDEs have built in debuggers and GitHub repos have an
    issue-tracking feature.  These tools won't fix all the issues within the code.  
    There may be issues with data, poor names, duplicate code, long functions,
    large classes, poor commenting, lazy classes, and temporary fields.  

    Software metrics can also help check the quality of the code.  We're using
    firebase for Habitica, but IDEs can also contain metrics plugins.  The metrics
    can often determine if these "bad smell" issues previously mentioned are
    included in your code.  Refactor useless or redundant code by one or more of the
    following methods: renaming, remove duplicate code and replace with a function,
    divide too long of functions into more functions, reorganize classes, simplify
    conditionals, get rid of useless code (unused code), check cohesion and coupling,
    merge functions when possible, separate model, view, and controller.   

    Summary of testing and debugging!
